---
layout: page
title: Lin Zhengyang's Project Portfolio Page
---

## Project: IntelliJournal

IntelliJournal is a desktop contacts/journal management application designed for
businesspersons to keep track of their contacts information as well as their meetings
with them. The user interacts with it using a CLI, and it has a GUI created with
JavaFX. It is written in Java, and has about 15 kLoC. The project is developed based
on a previous project named AddressBook Level 3.

Given below are my contributions to the project:

* **New feature**: Added the ability to check each command's usage separately using `help`.

* **New feature**: Added the ability to change the color scheme of the application using `changetheme`.

* **New feature**: Updated most of the UI part of the application.
  * What it does: creates the new `EntryListPanel`; separates the `AddressBook` part
  and the `Journal` part using Tab pane; creates the new UI components `ContactContent`
  and `EntryContent` displaying separately the content of `Person` and `Entry` in detail;
  adjust the size, shape and location of each UI component; create a new color scheme.
  * Highlighted: The UI part work is challenging and time-consuming as it needs to adjust
  each component repeatedly.
  * Credits:
    * [JFoenix](https://github.com/jfoenixadmin/JFoenix) for better-looking tab panes, list cells and text fields.
    * [Ikonli](https://github.com/kordamp/ikonli) for icons.

* **Code contributed**: [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2103-ay2021s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/#breakdown=true&search=&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&since=2020-08-14&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&tabOpen=true&tabType=authorship&tabAuthor=Nauw1010&tabRepo=AY2021S1-CS2103T-W17-4%2Ftp%5Bmaster%5D&authorshipIsMergeGroup=false&authorshipFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other)

* **Project management**:
  * Managed the `README.md` on GitHub.

* **Documentation**:
  * User guide:
    * Documented the parts implemented by me in the user guide.
  * Developer guide:
    * Documented the parts implemented by me in the developer guide.
    * Updated the UI class diagram for my implementations.

* **Tools**:
  * Integrated a third party library (JFoenix) to the project ([JFoenix](https://github.com/jfoenixadmin/JFoenix)).
  * Integrated a third party library (Ikonli) to the project ([Ikonli](https://github.com/kordamp/ikonli)).
